fix: Address unbounded memory growth in upload_stream when source outpaces upload (#3407)
aws/aws-sdk-ruby: gems/aws-sdk-s3/CHANGELOG.md

Unreleased Changes
------------------

> * Issue - Bound memory usage in `upload_stream` when the source produces data faster than parts can be uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Issue - Fix unbounded memory growth in `upload_stream` when the data source outpaces the upload (#3407).
```
